docs: initial rough draft of dx docs with templates (#487)
deephaven/deephaven-plugins: plugins/plotly-express/docs/line.md

Here are some reasons why you might choose to use a line plot over other types of plots:

1. **Visualizing Trends:** Line plots excel at revealing trends and patterns in data, making them ideal for time series analysis and showcasing changes over a continuous range.
2. **Connecting Data Points:** They effectively connect data points with straight lines, emphasizing the continuity and sequence of values, which is especially useful when dealing with ordered data.
3. **Simplicity and Clarity:** Line plots offer a straightforward and uncluttered representation, enhancing readability and allowing developers to focus on the data's inherent structure.
4. **Comparing Multiple Series:** Line plots make it easy to compare multiple data series on the same graph, aiding in the identification of similarities and differences.
5. **Highlighting Outliers:** Outliers or abrupt changes in data become readily apparent in line plots, aiding in the detection of anomalies or significant events.

## Examples

### A basic line plot

> Visualize the relationship between two variables. Defined as an x and y pair supplied using column names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visualize the relationship between two variables. Column names are passed in directly as `x` and `y`.
```

```python order=line_plot,my_table
import deephaven.plot.express as dx

> my_table = dx.data.stocks() # import the example stock market data set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
stock_table = dx.data.stocks() # import the example stock market data set
```

I think a more descriptive variable name is helpful.

> dog_prices = my_table.where("sym = `DOG`")

Reviewer: It would be nice if we had an example where no filtering at all is required as it's not strictly "plotting" but it doesn't bother me that much.

> # Create a basic scatter plot by specifying the x and y column

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Create a basic line plot by specifying the x and y column
```

line_plot = dx.line(dog_prices, x="timestamp", y="price")
```

### Color line plot by group

> Plot values by group. The query engine performs a `parition_by` on the column provide to the color argument and assigns a unique color to each group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plot values by group. The query engine performs a `partition_by` on the column provide to the color argument and assigns a unique color to each group.
```

```python order=line_plot,mytable
import deephaven.plot.express as dx
my_table = dx.data.stocks() # import the example stock market data set

# Assign unique colors to each grouping key in a column
line_plot = dx.line(my_table, x="timestamp", y="price", color="sym")
```

### Color using custom discrete colors

```python order=scatter_plot_color_sequence,scatter_plot_color_map,scatter_plot_color_column
import deephaven.plot.express as dx
my_table = dx.data.iris() # import the example iris data set

# Ex 1. Set custom colors
scatter_plot_color_sequence = dx.scatter(
    my_table,
    x="sepal_width",
    y="sepal_length",
    # group colors by a column
    color="species",
    # A list of colors to sequentially apply to one or more series
    # The colors loop if there are more series than colors

>     color_discrete_sequence=["salmon", "#fffacd", "rgb(100,149,237)"]

Reviewer: Excellent color choice

)

# Ex 2. Set trace colors from a map of colors
scatter_plot_color_map = dx.scatter(
    my_table,
    x="sepal_width",
    y="sepal_length",
    # group colors by a column
    color="species",
    # set each series to a specific color
    color_discrete_map={"virginica":"lemonchiffon", "setosa": "cornflowerblue", "versicolor":"#FA8173"}
)

# Ex 3. Set colors using values from a column
# Generate a column of valid CSS colors to use as an example
table_with_column_of_colors = my_table.update(
    "example_colors = `rgb(` + Math.round(Math.random() * 255) + `,` + Math.round(Math.random() * 255) + `,`  + Math.round(Math.random() * 255) +`)`"
)

scatter_plot_color_column = dx.scatter(
    table_with_column_of_colors,
    x="sepal_width",
    y="sepal_length",
    color="example_colors",
    # When set to `identity`, the column data passed to the
    # color parameter will used as the actual color
    color_discrete_map="identity",
)
```

### Symbols by group

> Symbols can be statically assigned, assigned to a group as part of a `parition_by` operation drawing from a sequence, or from a map. See the symbol list for all available symbols.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Symbols can be statically assigned, assigned to a group as part of a `partition_by` operation drawing from a sequence, or from a map. See the symbol list for all available symbols.
```

<!-- TODO: link to symbol list -->

```python order=scatter_plot_diamonds,scatter_plot_symbol_by,scatter_plot_symbol_map
import deephaven.plot.express as dx

> my_table = dx.data.iris() # import the example iris data set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
iris_table = dx.data.iris() # import the example iris data set
```
This is more of a general comment, but another example of a more ilustrative table name

# Ex 1. Assign a custom symbol
scatter_plot_diamonds = dx.scatter(
    my_table,
    x="sepal_width",
    y="sepal_length",
    # See list of available symbols.
    symbol_sequence=["diamond"]
)

# Ex 2. Use symbols to differentiate groups
scatter_plot_symbol_by = dx.scatter(
    my_table,
    x="sepal_width",
    y="sepal_length",
    color="species",
    # Assign symbols by group, shown using default symbol_sequence
    symbol="species"
)

# Ex 3. Use a map to assign symbols to groups
scatter_plot_symbol_map = dx.scatter(
    my_table,
    x="sepal_width",
    y="sepal_length",
    color="species",
    # Using a map for symbols by value
    symbol="species",
    symbol_map={"setosa":"cross", "versicolor":"pentagon", "virginica":"star"}
)
```

> 

Reviewer: I think it would be useful to have an example of `by` as well, controlling both color and symbol jointly.
At least one case of `by` is broken though.
https://github.com/deephaven/deephaven-plugins/issues/407

Size and numeric color axes are other useful ones.

### Error Bars

Error bars can be set on x and/or y, using values from a column.

```python order=scatter_plot_error,scatter_plot_error_minus
import deephaven.plot.express as dx
my_table = dx.data.iris() # import the example iris data set

# Ex 1. Use values from a column as positive and negative error bars
scatter_plot_error = dx.scatter(
    my_table.update("error_sepal_width = sepal_width * 0.01"),
    x="sepal_width",
    y="sepal_length",
    error_x="error_sepal_width",
)

#Ex 2. Use values from two columns for y-positive-error and y-negative-error
scatter_plot_error_minus = dx.scatter(
    my_table.update(
        [
            # let's pretend these columns represent error
            "error_sepal_length_positive = petal_width * 0.25",
            "error_sepal_length_negative = petal_length * 0.25",
        ]
    ),
    x="sepal_width",
    y="sepal_length",
    # will be use as positive and negative error unless _minus is set
    error_y="error_sepal_length_positive",
    error_y_minus="error_sepal_length_negative",
)
```

### Labels and Hover Text

> <!-- TODO: labels has a bug, check it works now -->

Reviewer: I think it's still open 
https://github.com/deephaven/deephaven-plugins/issues/6
Quick fix but haven't had capacity for dx

    my_table,
    x="petal_width",
    # Each y value becomes a seperate series
    y="petal_length",
    # Set at custom range for each axes
    range_x=[0,5],
    range_y=[0,10],
)
```

### Multiple Axes

You can create multiple axes on a single graph in a number of different ways depending on what you are trying to do. Axes can be created from columns, or by value from a column, of from multiple plots layered together.

```python order=scatter_plot_title,scatter_plot_axes_titles
import deephaven.plot.express as dx
my_table = dx.data.iris() # import the example iris data set

# Ex 1. Create multiple axes from mulitple columns
scatter_plot_axes_titles = dx.scatter(
    my_table,
    x="sepal_width",
    # Each y value becomes a seperate series
    y=["sepal_length", "petal_length"],
    # position each axis for each series
    yaxis_sequence=[1, 2],
    # Label the axes
    xaxis_titles=["Sepal Width"],
    yaxis_titles=["Sepal Length", "Petal Length"],
)

# Ex 2. Create multiple axes by values from a column
stocks_table = dx.data.stocks().where("sym in `DOG`, `CAT`")

scatter_stocks = dx.scatter(
    stocks_table,
    x="timestamp",
    y="price",

>     # Parition color by sym

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Partition color by sym
```

    color="sym",
    # Apply each trace to a different axis
    yaxis_sequence=[1, 2],
    # Label each axis, where order is by first appearence in the data
    yaxis_titles=["CAT", "DOG"],
)

#Ex 3. Create multiple axes from multiple tables using layers
layered_table = dx.data.iris() # import the example iris data set

# split into two tables by species
table_setosa = layered_table.where("species = `setosa`")
table_versicolor = layered_table.where("species = `versicolor`")

# layer two plots together, layout is inherited from the last table in the layer
layered_scatter = dx.layer(
    # scatter plot from table 1
    dx.scatter(
        table_setosa,
        x="petal_width",
        y="petal_length",
        color_discrete_sequence=["salmon"],
    ),
    # scatter from table 2
    dx.scatter(
        table_versicolor,
        x="petal_width",
        y="petal_length",
        color_discrete_sequence=["lemonchiffon"],
        # place this trace on a secondary axis
        yaxis_sequence=[2],
        # set the titles for both axes, as layer inherits from this layout
        yaxis_titles=["versicolor petal_length","setosa petal_length"]
    )
)
```

### Layer as Event Markers

> Combines a line plot and a scatter plot to use as event markers indicating the maximum peak in each series.

Reviewer: You could also do `markers=True` for some such cases. `line` should support `size` and such

In situations where scatter plots become impractical due to overlaping markers in large datasets, it is advisable to consider employing a Density Heatmap (2D Histogram) as an alternative visualization method. This approach allows for data binning through the query engine, enabling visualization of billions of data points, making it more suitable for handling such scenarios. Moreover, users may benefit from a clearer interpretation of the data using this method.

For large, but managable datasets, setting an appropriate opacity can be beneficial as it helps address data overlap issuess, making the individual data points more distinguishable and enhancing overall visualization clarity.

<!-- TODO: link to density heatmap -->

```python order=density_heatmap,scatter_plot_opacity
import deephaven.plot.express as dx
my_table = dx.data.iris() # import the example iris data set

# TODO: Method doesn't exist yet
# Consider a 2d Histograms for large data sets

> density_heatmap = dx.density_heatmap(my_table, x="sepal_width", y="sepal_length")

Reviewer: We don't have this yet, and it's non-trivial. Maybe comment this Large Data Set section out for now.
